Essay - Occupational Goals
Describe your occupational goals, how you plan to achieve them and why you should be considered for scholarships at Northwest. 

Max Length: 300 words


Essay - Zech
Would you like to apply for the Shawna Severson Zech Memorial Elementary Education Scholarship? (Requires essay)  
Recipient of this award shall be pursuing studies in Elementary Education or Special Education from any class level and shall maintain enrollment in at least 12 hours for the fall and spring trimesters. Applicant must submit a one-page essay regarding a challenge or barrier they have overcome to pursue and succeed in their education.

 
 
Would you like to apply for the Betty Schieber or Mary Adwell Education Scholarships? (Requires essay)  
Betty Schieber Education Scholarship: Recipient shall be a full time continuing student who has been formally admitted into the Teacher Education Program. Recipient shall have declared a major within the field of Elementary Education and maintain a 3.00 or higher overall GPA in major and education courses. Submitted applications shall include two paragraphs explaining 1) the applicant's experiences with young people and 2) what the applicant hopes to accomplish as an elementary teacher.
Mary Adwell Education Scholarship: Recipient shall be classifed as a full-time Junior or senior undergraduate or graduate student who has been formally admitted into the Profesional Education Program with a declared degree and corresponding program within Elementary Education and Early Childhood Education. First preference shall be given to graduates of Missouri high schools located in Gentry or Nodaway counties, with second preference to graduates of Atchison, Holt, Andrew, Worth, DeKalb, Harrison or Daviess counties and third preference to graduates of any high schools in the state of Missouri. The applicant will submit a two paragraph essay explaining the applicant's experiences with young people and what the applicant hopes to accomplish as an elementary teacher.





Essay - Galitz Scholarship
Would you like to apply for the Christine Galitz Memorial Journalism Scholarship? If so, please indicate the editorial boards on which you have served. (Essay also required)  
Christine Galitz Memorial Mass Media Scholarship: The award is given to a senior with a minimum 3.00 GPA who has served on more than one editorial board, is a mass media major and shows financial need. Applicants must submit an essay titled, "Why I Appreciate my Multi Media Degree from Northwest."

 
Details

Editorial boards include Editor in Chief, Managing Editor and/or Section Editor for the Northwest Missourian or the Tower Yearbook. 


Essay - Devi Scholarship
If you had all the resources available at your disposal (both time and money) what problem in the world (excluding charity or philanthropy) would you solve? Describe the need and the solution. 
This scholarship is not available for the first semester of study.